Refactor GSoc General Guidelines (#45)
sef-global/sef-handbook: docs/gsoc-contributor-guidance.md

## General Guidelines

#### Before the Application

> 1. Get acquainted with SEF and your chosen projects by referring to the Developer Guide and Getting Started as a Developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get acquainted with SEF and your chosen projects by referring to the [Getting Started](https://handbook.sefglobal.org/engineering-team/team) as a Developer.
```

> 2. Initiate your involvement by asking questions and exploring project ideas in the GSoC category on SEF Hive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initiate your involvement by asking questions and exploring project ideas on SEF Hive.
```

3. Active participation in the SEF Slack channel and SEF Hive is crucial for community engagement.

> 4. Introduce yourself in the dedicated thread on SEF Hive to connect with the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Introduce yourself in the [introduction](https://sef.discourse.group/t/welcome-please-introduce-yourself/7?u=anjisvj) thread on SEF Hive to connect with the community.
```
